WRR-19603: Fixed focus regain when focus is lost after voice control (#1812)
enactjs/sandstone: CHANGELOG.md

The following is a curated list of changes in the Enact sandstone module, newest changes on the top.

## [unreleased]

### Fixed

> - `sandstone/Scroller` to regains focus even when focus is lost by voice control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sandstone/Scroller` to restore focus when focus is lost after scroll by voice control
```
